var app = express is the equivalent of creating the server.
app is the way that we will interact with the new server that we are creating. 
This is what we need to do to start with to create teh server.
setting up a port -- if tehre is an environment variable for port, then use that.  But if there is not, creates a default 8080.  Allows heroku to set an environment variable so that they can select their won prot that they will open up for us.  
process.environment and put all sorts of environment variables on it.  

the bodyParser lines sets up the middleware to parse the data in between the server and the front end.  we will parse it as json.  Will require that tthe post requests come in with the content type of json.  

html routes do something different than the api routes, so allows us to split them up and then pull them back into the main server file.  

the module is exporting a function that contains the routes.  Won't do anything until we execute teh function.  So when you execute, it is creating the routes on the app (express).

(1) Create the server
(2) store the server in a variable, so we have access to all of its methods later.  In order to create routes, they have to be routes for that server, which is why we say app.post or app.get.
(3) pass the server into the various routes.  

we have to tell the server what to do.  Where can you find static files.  
serving static files in Express -- we can use built in middle ware, and it is called .static.

In order to load assets, we have to use .static and give it a root to the director.  Everything we want user to see we stuff in the public directory.  

app.use to implement our middleware.  "/images/mountain.jpg"  Were do we think of the path?    

Have to define the public path for our files

app.use(express.static("public"));  (Anything in public will be the starting point for our paths)

Look at the solved hot restaurants -- any kind of static resource needs to go in the public.  Everything that we used to build prior to Node, we put in our public folder.  

Math.____ == allows you to say that you don't care if a number is positive or negative.